Introduction
-----------
The application was created in GO language. This include 5 go files with the solution for the problem exposed.

The main file is challenge.go where it take the params and execute according to them.

Through downloader.go is made the request to the ebay API, this data is parsed from the xml structure to the own category
structure in catgory.go file.

The category.go file have the definition for the category, was implemented a own data structure that include almost all the
fields from the request categories at the ebay API and two additional field: Children and Parent.
This additional field let me handle all the categories as a tree.

The indexer.go have the function to handle the DB structure and index the categories in there. Was created
a single table to handle all this called categories and have the next structure

sqlite> .schema categories
CREATE TABLE categories (
        id integer not null primary key, 
        bestOfferEnabled text,
        level integer,
        parentId integer,
        name text,
        leafCategory boolean,
        lsd boolean,
        eldersPath text, 
        FOREIGN KEY(parentId) REFERENCES category(id)
    );
    
In the eldersPath is stored a string with the path of the ancestors. This is generated with the tree schema
of categories and this is used to retrieve all the categories(subcategories) related with one.

The renderer.go file handle the renderization of a given category, this with the help of the template category.html render
all the related categories of the category. All the data is query in the database and parsed to the local tree structure
for sorting it.


Instalation
-----------
    1 - Be sure you have installed go language in you equipment
    2 - Install the go packages.  
    * mattn/go-sqlite3, it can be done as follow (linux command)
        $ go get github.com/mattn/go-sqlite3
    * spf13/pflag, it can be done as follow (linux command)
        $ go get github.com/spf13/pflag
    
    
Run the application
-------------------
    Inside the application folder run as follow in console
    * For create and delete(if exist) the db
        $ go run *.go --rebuild 
    * For render a category
        $go run *.go --render 12345
    